[Music]
ten things men do that make any woman
melt they say chivalry is dead and a lot
of modern women think that nowadays it
exists only in books movies or romantic
TV shows that of course is not true yes
today you will not find knights in
shining armor parading the streets of
our cities except for maybe some
Renaissance Fairs or something but true
chivalry is not about being a dude
wearing heavy protection on top of a
horse we have no doubts there are real
heroes among men who make girls hearts
beat faster yes there are so few of us
and you don't need to fight Giants or
windmills to become one the secret lies
in a few simple everyday gestures that
can change you from just another guy
into Prince Charming just remember not
to overdo it Hey follow my lead
[Music]
counting down from number 10 open doors
what does opening a door for a woman say
to her well it says that a man who's not
too lazy to get out of the car to open
the car door for his lady is at the
least attentive and well-mannered it
says that it's important for him to know
that his girlfriend feels safe and
comfortable this is an easy gesture
which can seem insignificant at first
but may lay the foundation of her
favorable impression number 9 saving the
last bite of food absolutely everyone
knows that the fastest way to a man's
heart lies through his stomach
just ask my cardiologist sure you can
say that sounds corny and all but that
doesn't make it less true so imagine
what a girl feels when a man saves the
last bite of his meal for her it means
that he cares for her enough to part
with those last fries he loved so much
or with this juicy
thank you made for him that's a sign of
true love right there trust us it's a
pretty big deal number eight wanting to
spend time with her family no no wait
it's a good idea one of the most dreaded
moments in a relationship is the let's
meet my parents moment so if a guy shows
genuine interest in all the baby
pictures funny stories about your
siblings and everything like that it's a
pretty sure sign that he won't be
traumatized by the moment mentioned
above he can also pick up a few
conversation topics from listening
carefully by the way if the meet my
parents moment has already happened and
the man is more interested in spending
some weekend time with his girlfriend's
family rather than watching football
with his friends and colleagues
well many ladies will consider such a
man the one even small gestures toward
her family show the woman how much he
values the significant people in her
life number seven introducing her to
your friends
a true gentleman knows for sure that if
he fails to introduce his lady when he
meets a friend and decides to have a
chat with him the poor girl will feel
unwanted an attentive man won't let such
a situation happen as he cares about his
lady and needs to know she feels
comfortable and not only that
introducing your girlfriend to all your
friends is a solid way to show her how
important she is to you it's not some
fling she is going to become a big part
of your life number six giving presents
for no reason huh
this is just a given no pun intended
everyone loves getting gifts and having
holidays and by giving someone a present
even a small one it immediately makes an
ordinary day a special one imagine how
nice you would feel if your significant
other gave you a gift for absolutely no
reason so you should do it yourself too
and if you are one of those people who
like giving presents more than receiving
them that's even better for you so be a
gem pick up a small bouquet for your
lady on your way back home it'll make
her day number five always protect her
this one is a really subtle one so don't
expect women to throw themselves at you
because of it technically nothing on
this list will make them do that that's
not what this list is about but your
significant other will undoubtedly feel
safer with you if you just keep a
watchful eye toward the many dangers of
this world stop her from stepping into
puddles protect her against splashing
cars by walking on the outside of the
sidewalk you know that sort of thing
number four
kissing her forehead apparently studies
show that girls love when their
significant others kiss them on the
forehead it's also a pretty hot topic in
women's forums reports say that forehead
kisses make ladies feel cared for loved
and respected and protected all feelings
that rank pretty high on the what I want
to feel when I'm getting kissed list for
women it also means you are probably
higher and that's a plus two also
there's an odd research that said women
used to have a pair of lips on their
forehead until they lost them due to
evolution but Brunei wouldn't put too
much in that number three filling up her
gas tank it's a nice surprise that shows
that the man is a true gentleman every
woman dreams of that gentleman helps out
with no strings attached
showing how much he cares for his
girlfriend and how little he cares about
his wallet hey babe let me fill that out
for you shall we do regular or premium
you look like a premium to me number two
helping her to put on a coat no one says
that a woman can't put on her coat all
by herself unless she's a real bozo it's
not normally a question of ability but
it's still a well-mannered thing to do
a true gentleman will always hold out
the coat to help put it on or even give
a lady his if it's getting too cool it's
not only a cliche from romantic movies
but it also is a real thing that you can
do and it's probably going to be
appreciated and finally number one
listen to her yeah really
probably the most chivalric thing a man
can do is listening to a woman and
listen to her with interest of course
some topics can be less attractive than
others but but that's your significant
other you're listening to you should
probably be invested at least a little
bit in the things that captivate her and
a captivated audience in the form of her
boyfriend is a highly important thing
for any woman all right guys you got all
this okay go out there and make it
happen
hey are you visiting our channel for the
first time then click that subscribe
button and hit that thumbs up button if
you enjoyed the video and join us back
here again on the bright side of life
you